OCPBUGS 37702: Added a known issue in the delete feature about container registry (#88737)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-workflows-delete-v2.adoc

oc-mirror plugin v2 deletes only the manifests of the images, which does not reduce the storage occupied in the registry.

> To free up storage space from unnecessary images, such as those with deleted manifests, you must enable the garbage collector on your container registry. With the garbage collector enabled, the registry will delete the image blobs that no longer have references to any manifests, reducing the storage previously occupied by the deleted blobs. The process for enabling the garbage collector differs depending on your container registry. For more information, see "Resolving storage cleanup issues in the distribution registry".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To free up storage space from unnecessary images, such as those with deleted manifests, you must enable the garbage collector on your container registry. With the garbage collector enabled, the registry will delete the image blobs that no longer have references to any manifests, reducing the storage previously occupied by the deleted blobs. The process for enabling the garbage collector differs depending on your container registry. 
+
For more information, see "Resolving storage cleanup issues in the distribution registry".
```

To free up storage space from unnecessary images, such as those with deleted manifests, you must enable the garbage collector on your container registry. With the garbage collector enabled, the registry will delete the image blobs that no longer have references to any manifests, reducing the storage previously occupied by the deleted blobs. The process for enabling the garbage collector differs depending on your container registry.

> The delete feature in oc-mirror plugin v2 may not work as expected due to a known issue in the distribution registry. This issue does not occur when using {quay}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The process to free up storage running the garbage collector may not work as expected due to a known issue in the distribution registry. This issue does not occur when using {quay}.
```

To work around this issue, perform one of the following actions:

* Restarting the registry container might temporarily resolve the issue.
[source,terminal]
----
$ podman restart <registry_container>
----

* Disable caching in the registry configuration: 
** Modify the `/etc/docker/registry/config.yml` file to disable the `blobdescriptor` cache.

[source,terminal]
----
version: 0.1
log:
  fields:
    service: registry
storage:
  cache:
    blobdescriptor: ""
  filesystem:
    rootdirectory: /var/lib/registry
http:
  addr: :5000
  headers:
    X-Content-Type-Options: [nosniff]
health:
  storagedriver:
    enabled: true
    interval: 10s
    threshold: 3
----

** Restart the registry container to apply the changes.
[source,terminal]
----
$ podman restart <registry_container>
----

> 

Reviewer 2: The way it is currently it seems it is only one option with 3 steps. 

Could we please change to have a number instead? 

For example:

```
To work around this issue, perform one of the following actions:

1. Restarting the registry container might temporarily resolve the issue.
[source,terminal]

or 

2. Disable caching in the registry configuration: 

- Restart the registry container to apply the changes.
```

Something like that, the goal is to show that they are two different steps and they should choose one or another.

Reviewer 3: @aguidirh should we kind of tell user when these steps should be performed ? Before starting the mirroring flow ?

Reviewer 2: @kasturinarra these steps should happen only when they are deleting things from a specific container registry (distribution). Since there is a known issue on distribution, they need to follow these steps in order to free up the storage (delete the blobs).

Reviewer 3: @aguidirh got it. Thanks !!

To free up storage space from unnecessary images, such as those with deleted manifests, you must enable the garbage collector on your container registry. With the garbage collector enabled, the registry will delete the image blobs that no longer have references to any manifests, reducing the storage previously occupied by the deleted blobs. The process for enabling the garbage collector differs depending on your container registry.

> The process to free up storage running the garbage collector may not work as expected due to a known issue in the distribution registry. This issue does not occur when using {quay}.

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure the _by_ is the right word to add; but something is needed here for clarity, I think. 
```suggestion
The process to free up storage by running the garbage collector might not work as expected due to a known issue in the distribution registry. This issue does not occur when using {quay}.
```

> To work around this issue, perform one of the following actions:

Reviewer: This should be a single step procedure:
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#single-step-procedures

. Restarting the registry container might temporarily resolve the issue.
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ podman restart <registry_container>
----

> . Disable caching in the registry configuration: 

Reviewer 4: Because these are not ordered steps.
```suggestion
* Disable caching in the registry configuration: 
```
